force flag update (#3582)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where the **upload** command failed for private repositories while trying to find the landing_page.json file.
* Added a log when a content item is missing from the repo, in **graph create** and **graph update**.
* Replaced logs with a progress bar in **graph create** and **graph update**.

> * Updated the **update-release-notes** command message structure when is run with **--force** flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the **update-release-notes** output structure when the **--force** flag is used.
```

Please elaborate on the change itself
